[Azure.Monitor.Query] Update TROUBLESHOOTING.md (#42676)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

For more help with troubleshooting authentication errors, see the Azure Identity client library [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).

> If you get an HTTP error with status code 401 (Unauthorized) ErrorCode: InvalidAuthenticationTokenTenant confirm your Audience parameter is set correctly. If your resource is not located in the Azure Public Cloud, the Audience parameter must be set in the ClientOptions parameter while constructing the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get an HTTP error with status code 401 (Unauthorized) ErrorCode: InvalidAuthenticationTokenTenant, confirm your `Audience` parameter is set correctly. If your resource isn't located in the Azure Public Cloud, the `Audience` parameter must be set in the `ClientOptions` parameter while constructing the client.
```

> If you get an HTTP error with status code 401 (Unauthorized) ErrorCode: InvalidAuthenticationTokenTenant, confirm your `Audience` parameter is set correctly. If your resource isn't located in the Azure Public Cloud, the `Audience` parameter must be set in the `ClientOptions` parameter while constructing the client.

Reviewer: Since this guidance already exists at https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query#configure-client-for-azure-sovereign-cloud, let's link there instead of using a code snippet here.

> By default, `LogsQueryClient` and `MetricsQueryClient` are configured to connect to the Azure public cloud. To connect to a sovereign cloud instead, set the `Audience` property on the `Options` class. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `LogsQueryClient` and `MetricsQueryClient` are configured to connect to the Azure Public Cloud. To connect to a sovereign cloud instead, set the `Audience` property on the `Options` class. For example:
```

> ```csharp

Reviewer: Can we make this a code snippet?

For more help with troubleshooting authentication errors, see the Azure Identity client library [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).

> If you get an HTTP error with status code 401 (Unauthorized) ErrorCode: InvalidAuthenticationTokenTenant, confirm your `Audience` parameter is set correctly. If your resource isn't located in the Azure Public Cloud, the `Audience` parameter must be set in the `ClientOptions` parameter while constructing the client.
> This Azure.Monitor.Query [link](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query#configure-client-for-azure-sovereign-cloud) has an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get an HTTP error with status code 401 (Unauthorized) ErrorCode: InvalidAuthenticationTokenTenant, confirm your `Audience` parameter is set correctly. If your resource isn't located in the Azure Public Cloud, the `Audience` parameter must be set in the `ClientOptions` parameter while constructing the client.
For an example, see [Configure client for Azure sovereign cloud](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query#configure-client-for-azure-sovereign-cloud).
```
